hey guys great news my husband on a
green card which means that we're free
to travel whenever we want and we want
to travel ASAP and this is basically
what we're doing I'm packing my carry-on
so today I'm gonna take it to the
airport I'm gonna show you how the
process works and I'm gonna teach you
vocabulary that's associated with
traveling in the United States in Europe
things like TSA pre Global Entry
carry-on like all of that stuff I'm
gonna explain all the terms and you're
just gonna see me fly from San Francisco
to Munich
[Music]
both sila say hi to everyone
seal hereby sometimes but not today
we're now heading to the airport
which is very sentences
[Music]
it's a new word for you
when you can see the sky through the
rooftop
one of the most common questions I get
from you guys in my teens on Instagram
is what means all too because I'm always
like up to Munich off to Italy off to
San Francisco
so this house too is like I am father
too which means I'm going to San
Francisco
it's just a an easy and short way to say
that you're heading somewhere so off to
whatever means you're traveling or going
silver we are by the way approach San
Francisco International Airport and if
you don't follow me on Instagram you're
missing out its lingual arena waiting
for you there
thank you so much thank you have a nice
- good thank you thanks a lot bye-bye
International Terminal departure
but Archer means
so tonight get ready to fly we're gonna
live
up in the sky Virgin America knows
oh my god look at the line
economy this is probably that time
very understand that business partner
design
hmm
that looks better United flowers over
there
in America there are three types of
flights up in the world
first first class second business
thoughts third economy
because we only have the carry-on we
checked in through the check-in kiosk
continue
except
except no bags
GSA priests okay I'm gonna tell you what
that means in a second I'm just going to
pick up
so this is the line for regular boarding
regular check
this is TSA three
they check my bedroom
I can just you know go straight I can
note them here
it's gonna take seconds
they ask you to take up your ality hola
the line
ts a free
we am your laptop stays in your back
so if you're finding out
in duty-free shops
in the US
the tax is added
for example this is $35
in the city they was
9% at the cashier here is just $35
for all of the countries outside the US
like Europe
their income
we are looking for a gift on my doctor
in Germany flip-flops
for $270 per maze another term that I
wanted to explain this beautiful entry
if you've ever been to the US comment
down below with the amount of time you
had to wait to go through passport
control because when I used to come to
the
on average take an hour just waiting in
line to go through master control and it
always
like in all the big airports New York
New York and LA are the worst
pretty much okay San Jose is the best
but after I got my green card I've led
for a Global Entry Program and they
verify that you're not a criminal they
do a background check on you and when
you arrive in the u.s. you see little
entry is like a separately and it takes
two minutes to get into
without waiting for
so your resident here
highly recommended
and CSA free it's only for the US
thingy looks great on me
$900
too late
35 minutes why it's doing
hopefully survive
they're warning
so we're now free to travel
my flight is delayed for another half an
hour hopefully pass the last two
Angele that they just announced I'm
gonna give you some more phrases so when
you're going to just one destination
like I'm flying San Francisco Munich
I got a one-way trip ticket one-way trip
flight the means that I'm not going back
from Munich to San Francisco because I'm
actually flying from Rome to LA at least
ask the blend we'll see how it goes
because I just want to spend as much
time in Italy as possible
oh my god I think San Francisco is known
the airport in the world
as this
instead of being studied
there's a literally stuck
a Lufthansa a double-decker look
double-decker because it has the
zero and the first floor or whatever you
call them first and second floor
relaxing here
my
the person
here is the reason behind our delays to
get on your way while a maintenance team
services of fluid leak on your airplane
we're side your flooding you plane
departing from gate 93 here we go run
our light in Munich I have a meeting as
well
which means I won't have one hour
luckily I don't have luggage so I don't
have to wait for my suitcase to arrive
on the belt
I just grabbed my body
this is called a carry-on this is a
small suitcase that you can bring with
you on the airplane carry on
and you're also up to have one personal
item this is my personal item and if
you're checking in bags that means you
have like really
had to check
they deliver it back when you arrive at
their destination
traveling with my
it's my first international flight
welcome to a business lounge I'm
actually glad that our flight is delayed
normally business lounges in the US are
very basic but this one was really good
we're going to show you the amenities
we've gotten everything for babies
shower suits so here's the shower room
what do we have here
we've got towels a nut shower
I've got slippers hey I like it yeah you
want to go for a shower
but we're boarding in 10 minutes we good
yeah
he took shower in the morning which is
because there's shower gear he still
wants to take shower I'm encouraging him
to speak English on existence he's
sticking to Russian but oh wow there's
like some where you can sleep yeah or we
can see someone sleeping Wow take a
picture for my Instagram
let's explore the second floor
Wow I'm impressed
this is by far the best right yeah
this is a huge business
and we're sitting in this small
Vietnamese place we're like let's take a
look at the food option that suitable a
girl
be chicken tikka masala one of my
favorites drinks cold noodle salad love
it
quinoa spinach mini burgers Dima I've
got something for you it's right here
you see we need a try looks too good
banana pudding truck truffle trip
good hmm five kilogram and you can also
have proper dinner
Wow we could sit here and have salmon
Japanese rice it was a free restaurant
here oh my god
next time
we'll check it out oh the cake
[Music]
Wow you just got awarded for like the
best best business class lounge oh my
god congratulations
it's really the best to many
congratulations
[Music]
hi hi nice oh my god so much but can you
please delay my flight for another we
can do it we can do it over the next few
years for example you start at
imaginarily
has been bestowed thank you drink thank
you
so tres
[Music]
unfortunately
it's so sad that our flight is no longer
delayed because they just want to stay
here and I'm so proud that San Francisco
has no the best business lounge in the
world so exciting and I wish I could
feel the smell of in your leather and
marble doesn't smell good
oh my god so the images Turkish shower
here for so
oh they gave you a to yes to everything
like this
put on the ring like a scrub whatever
thank you guys thank you guys
Wow
it's like an oasis
this way make a left
barefoot
list
let's look at the menu
we're ready for take
by the way on Instagram I'm
there's some imposed or
and I'm gonna highlight it so
in my life
a Franklin roast
subscribe
training's
when I first flew business
you are able to
especially when you fly
[Music]
both tribes of the best I suppose you
never
best airplane icecream
devices please check your seat pocket
and the area around to make sure if I
okay legs hundred be careful
in the video
very nonlinear point you
now you go to some resources whether
they are you I'm late for any occasion
or regulations
that way the husband could be nude you
do too much
[Music]
has they've been coming in Monday
finally some German Francis I'm gonna
practice with today's and then often
practice my Italian in Italy thank you
guys so much for watching this vlog I
hope you learned something you I hope it
was useful and going down the hallway
you were washing with squad from thank
you so much for you know you subscribe
this channel it's the red subscribe
the season